Update README with extended support information (#511)
Particular/NServiceBus.Metrics.ServiceControl.Msmq: README.md

# NServiceBus.Metrics.ServiceControl.Msmq

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The most recent version of this library is covered by the [extended support policy](https://docs.particular.net/nservicebus/upgrades/support-policy#extended-support) until 2031-04-16.

> > For users with extended support, they can raise issues using the [Support Portal](https://customers.particular.net/login?redirect=/request-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Although this repository is archived, users with extended support contracts can raise issues using the [Support Portal](https://customers.particular.net).
```
